OSDOCS-10570: update RHDE matrix for Microshift 4.16 (#76000)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/about-rhde.adoc

[id="device-edge-compatibility_{context}"]
== {product-title} product release compatibility matrix

{op-system-first} and {microshift} work together as a single solution for device-edge computing. Supported configurations of {product-title} use verified releases for each together as listed in the following table:

[cols="4",%autowidth]
|===
^|*{op-system-ostree} version*
^|*{microshift} version*
^|*{microshift} release status*

> ^|*{microshift} supported updates* ^[1]^

Reviewer: I think adding a footnote on the operating system makes this a bit complicated, esp as we explicitly listen the operting system here, too.
Another thing I dont like is the "-> maximum two minor versions". That could be interpreted as a promise into the future, which we might not be able to hold up. Also, it is not stating that an update from V4.14 and 4.15. is possible.

Proposal:

We should keep it as with the previous versions and rows in this table: we list FROM which versions an update is possible.
Meaning, the 9.4 - 4.16 row could contain in the right "supported updates" cell:
4.14 -> 4.16
4.15 -> 4.16
4.16.0→4.16.z

Author: Done

[id="device-edge-compatibility_{context}"]
== {product-title} product release compatibility matrix

> {op-system-first} and {microshift} work together as a single solution for device-edge computing. You can update each component separately, but the versions must be compatible. An update of {microshift} from 4.14 to 4.16 requires a {op-system} update, for example. Supported configurations of {product-title} use verified releases for each together as listed in the following table:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{op-system-first} and {microshift} work together as a single solution for device-edge computing. You can update each component separately, but the product versions must be compatible. For example, an update of {microshift} from 4.14 to 4.16 requires a {op-system} update. Use the following table to verify the version compatibility of {op-system-first} and {microshift} for {product-title} use:
```

Reviewer 2: A few suggestions here:

- I think it helps to add "product" before versions
- I recommend switching "for example" to the beginning instead of the end, that way the customers know what the sentence is about from the beginning. 
- I recommended a re-working of the table introduction. Mostly, I was having trouple with "Supported configurations...use verified release for each together". It just seemed really confusing to me, and I _think_ it should mention compatibility instead of support just because you use compatibility to describe the version updates previously.

Reviewer 3: @skrthomas "Support" is a keyword that is critical to the nature of RHDE and should not be changed. This is more than compatibility, these are components of a single, supported SKU that is Red Hat Device Edge.

Reviewer 2: @ShaunaDiaz Understood. I guess maybe the "each together" phrasing just came off as a bit jumbled to my eyes. 

Maybe instead
> The following table lists the supported configurations of Red Hat Device Edge, using verified releases for each _product_ together.

Author: 1st and 2nd bullet point suggestions are done. 
3rd line is kept as is as per my discussion with Shauna. Also, I have not made edits to this line and I have ported this line. So it is not in scope of this PR.

[id="device-edge-compatibility_{context}"]
== {product-title} product release compatibility matrix

> {op-system-first} and {microshift} work together as a single solution for device-edge computing. Supported configurations of {product-title} use verified releases for each together as listed in the following table:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{op-system-first} and {microshift} work together as a single solution for device-edge computing. You can update each component separately, but the versions must be compatible. An update of {microshift-short} from 4.14 to 4.16 requires a {op-system} update, for example. Supported configurations of {product-title} use verified releases for each together as listed in the following table:
```

Reviewer 3: Something like this?

Reviewer: I need to wait for the preview to be updated to see which did not yet happen....

Reviewer: @aravipra ah sorry, I got confused. I thought the changes were already made and was waiting for the preview.
Yes, please go ahead and make the suggestes changes from Shauna so that I can see them in the preview. Thx!

Author: Done

> ^|*{microshift} supported updates*

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
^|*{microshift} supported updates* ^[1]^
```

^|9.4

> ^|4.16 ^1^

Author: Done

^|9.4
^|4.16
^|Generally Available

> ^|4.16.0&#8594;4.16.z 4.14&#8594;4.16 and 4.15&#8594;4.16

Reviewer 3: This is not correct. You cannot use 4.14 with RHEL 9.4 to my knowledge? @DanielFroehlich is there a reason we removed the footnote about updating RHEL? This table row now implies that MicroShift 4.14 is supported on RHEL 9.4. It also removes the doc update for the Y+2 version feature, see https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/73988/files#diff-e6fe883fea97caca8450bee979ffeb8a26e030bc4b2d183b373b4424fd4a3c8bR22. Just want to be sure these changes are what you intend.

Reviewer: The goal was:
* get rid of the footnote, which makes thinks more complicated
* remove the Y+2 promise into the future. we should not make any promises we are not 100% sure we can fullfill, but only document on what is supported.

But I get your point that one could read the 4.14 row as one could update to 4.16 but on RHEL 9.2, which is indeed not supported.
How about we change the  rightmost column from "MicroShift supported updates" to "Supported updates from **previous** MicroShift versions", and then remove all the "future" entries we have, e.g. in the V4.14 row, remove the V4.14->4.15. Like we currently have in the V4.16 row.
That would simplify the table, and make clear that V4.16 is only supported and requires an OS upgrade. If we want to make clear, we could add a "*" on each update that actually requires an OS update and describe that in a footnote.
WDYT?

Reviewer 3: * OK, no future promises. I think we want to show 4.14>4.16, though, since that is a 4.16 feature (and this will show with the 4.16 docs). 
* OK to change the MicroShift column title, how about "Supported MicroShift>MicroShift updates" and we can use the arrow there to keep it short?
* The docs sites don't support unnumbered footnotes, unfortunately. Which means multiple footnotes if we note each MicroShift update that needs an OS update. What if we just mention that an OS update might be needed up in line 37? 
* I think we should retain updates that span the same OS are are GA, such as 4.14>4.15.

Author: @DanielFroehlich should I make the suggested changes? I think the suggestions make sense.

Author: @ShaunaDiaz and @DanielFroehlich Preview is ready

^|Developer Preview
^|None
|===

> ^1^ Updating by two minor versions requires an OS update.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
^1^ Updating by two minor versions usually requires an operating system update.
```

Author: Done
